---
layout: post
title: Rennes
date: 2008-06-27 01:22
author: nekoyamaharuko
comments: true
categories: [IT, JOURNAL, Travel&amp;Living, World]
---
Ok, here's the story about <a title="Rennes" href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rennes" target="_blank">Rennes</a> that will be my home in two months.

<strong>French. </strong>Two months ago my best friend Dagmar and I joined our French classes because we have a dream :-) a big plan; make animation, comics, paint, draw... Join the animation industry. Where? Canada. Well because of all that stuff related with art and our drawing skills, Japan got our attention few years ago and we started our Japanese classes and in those classes we met, in particular ways we've got our Japanese experience and we think that we will be bound by this dream for the rest of our lives. I think that Japan is amazing and their animation industry is the most attractive and cool, but I think that the life in Japan is extremely stressing so that it can kill you. I almost got kill by living with my Japanese teacher, Takafuji sensei. :-P Not literally of course. But this Canada thing is a BIG plan, now we have to finish things that we started and as a first project we need to learn French.<!--more-->

<strong>Stage program.</strong> I am a graduate student and I've been working as an IT professional the last 6 years, I've celebrated my 2nd year with <a title="FSL" href="http://www.freescale.com/" target="_blank">Freescale Semiconductor</a> this week. :-D Thanks my job I had the chance to study and I will finish the University this August. I've got an invitation from my University to join a stage program in France. Well I think that the opportunities are there for everyone and even knowing that I don't speak French, I decided to try. So well I had interviews with <a title="Thomson R&amp;D" href="http://www.thomson.net/GlobalEnglish/Innovation/research/Research_Centers/rennes/Pages/default.aspx" target="_blank">Thomson R&amp;D</a> and at the end the French wasn't important, they were interested in my experience and I will be learning French at the "Université Rennes 2 Haute-Bretagne" for 4 months Sept - Dec 2008 before join Thomson in January 2009.
I am so damn happy, because I have got the opportunity to work in a Business Unit at Thomson doing what I like the most of my career, Quality Assurance and Process design. Voilá.

<strong>To be, or not to be. </strong>I have now lots of stuff to do before leaving, I must sell my things, my car, my refrigerator, etc., and move to my friend's apartment this month. I am taking with me my bicycle, my books (manga, english, french, IT), my drawing tools, a laptop (I still need to buy it, aah~ where is my prince on the white horse when I need him? :-P), winter clothes, my camera, iPod, my savings, Munchy, mmmm I must make my list.
I'll miss my beloved friends, my modeling agency, my rock band, my family... But I will get an amazing experience and probably I'll be able to travel and bug around Europe, I will learn French and I will learn about the French work culture, also I will enjoy of the feeling of leaving.
I will make of myself a world class girl. :-D
